So, guys, let me show you the demonstration of tax substitution so you can see that in this directory,
I have to have to file a dot edge and B dot edge.
And I have an application file that is Abdelrazik.
So you can see that the content of header file a dot at is exactly the same as what we discussed in
the slide.
Then on the window, on the right hand side, you can see the content of Bidart, a channel file.
So you can see that it is the content or B dot edge header file in the second window and the third window
we have application dot c file which is actually written by the programmer.
That is, it is the worst run of application dot c file.
Now on the final window that is in the fourth window, I will show you how to do tax substitution on
application dot c file for that.
Just use the compiler DCC and use minus E switch and specify application dot seesaws file and the output
file should be the file with eye extension.
Right.
So using this command that is C minus E, we can apply the text substitution on the source file application
dot C and the final version of file after text substitution will be the file app dot I.
You can see that we have finished with the text substitution and now let us see that.
What is there an app that I file.
So you can see that all the lines, which starts with the hash, you can safely ignore all these lines
and you can see that what remains in this file is exactly the same, which we obtained after applying
all the tax substitution on the source file.
So you can see that and the third window that is in this window, it is the version of the APRC file
which was written by the programmer and in the fourth window, it is the version of source file after
applying all the text substitution.
So you can see that in the source file, there is no has to find, there is no hash includes and the
macro uses has been replaced by their actual definitions.
So you can always use minus E suich of the compiler DCC in order to see the version of the source file
immediately after text substitution has been performed on it.
Remember, that compiler has not yet started compiling this final version of source file and therefore
it will not throw you any compilation error.
Compiler throws the compiler schnatter when it actually compiles the source file, and we have not yet
compiled the source file.
We have simply subjected to our source file only to text substitution.